.
[intense music]
- I'm looking for the owner
of that Mustang.
- Haven't seen him.
- How about you, little girl?
- My sister doesn't speak.
- My back needs to be drained.
Or I may never walk again.
- Guys,
I need to have an anesthetic,
something to numb the pain.
- Ta-da--there's
a drug dealer down here.
- Heroin's an opiate.
It's made from morphine.
Are you ready to do this?
- The day of the accident,
I wasn't working late.
I was with someone.
- Levi Delgado.
He was one
of my closest friends.
Do you still love her?
- Gavin, I'm sorry.
- When you find Eve,
I need you to give her this.
You bring my family home.
- You got my word.
[alarm beeping]
Approaching sinkhole!
[indistinct shouting]
- Levi!
[fire crackling,
insects chirping]
- Look at that sky.
Look, you see Mars,
that red star?
- Yeah.
- Okay, that was named
after the Roman god of war.
The thing is,
he won't be written about
for the next 9,000 years.
- So?
None of these planets
have been named yet, man.
You want your own planet?
From this day forward, Mars
shall be known as Planet Josh.
- You ever consider cutting
back on the weed intake?
- Guys, guys!
We have a serious problem.
It's Tony, he's hurt.
I need the heroin
to do another surgery.
- This is so not good.
- [laughs]
- You're messing with us?
- You should see the look
on your faces right now.
- Yeah, very funny.
Not that we would have been
able to help him anyway.
- What do you mean by that?
- I buried the drugs
in the woods.
- Why did you do that?
- Uh, because it's heroin.
- What if the person that it
belongs to comes looking
for it?
- Okay, well, they haven't
come looking for it yet.
So that tells me either
they didn't survive the fall
or they were never down here
in the first place.
Look, I'm a paranoid person
by nature.
It's me.
And I'm not worried about this.
Relax.
[ominous music]
♪
- What the hell did you do
with my bag?
- I didn't take your stash.
But even if I did,
what good is it to you anyway?
Look around.
There aren't any buyers here.
- I swear,
you don't put it back
by the end of the day--
- You'll what?
You'll kill me?
- Wouldn't be a first
for this family.
- Hey.
Looks like
you're doing better.
- Hurts like hell,
but I've dealt with worse.
[sighs]
I'd kill for a soft mattress.
- Or a hot shower.
- We're gonna get out of here.
Just need to hang
in a little longer.
- Yeah, I'm just really
missing my daughter right now.
- I get it.
I've got a son up there.
Here.
[both chuckle]
That's Andrew, my wife, Julia.
I know she's taking
good care of him.
She's always been
the levelheaded one.
Married 25 years this November.
[click]
Got to hold on
to the last bit of battery.
You married, Eve?
- Separated.
Last couple years
were pretty hard.
- Maybe coming down here,
going through something
like this,
may change things
when you get back.
[explosive rumbling]
[dramatic music]
♪
What the hell is that?
[whooshing]
[intense dramatic music]
[indistinct chatter]
- If you're going
after that plane,
I'm coming with you--
and don't tell me I can't.
I'm sore, but I feel fine.
I'm not letting you go alone.
- All right, check with Sam.
If he says you're good,
you can come.
- Infection's almost gone.
You're a fast healer, kid,
I'll give you that.
He can go.
Just keep taking
the antibiotics
and don't try to push it.
- So what's your plan, Eve?
- Well, the smoke's
in that direction,
so that's where I'm headed.
- Yeah, so am I.
That plane came through
the same light we did.
Whoever was flying might
be able to get us out of here.
- Or they're dead.
Not to mention
they went down miles from here.
Lots of saber-tooths
between here and there.
Sure you want to risk it?
- What other choice do we have?
- Sam's right.
We've been lucky enough
to survive till now.
How long do you think
that's gonna last?
- I'll be right back.
Got to grab something
from my car.
- Now listen up,
only a small group should go.
No more than five--less scent
for the animals to track.
- Scott,
you're the expert down here.
You should come.
- Sure.
Plane falls out of the sky,
I'm your man.
- Riley, you should go too.
- Excuse me?
- Well,
I can't make it that far,
and you have medical training.
That pilot could be hurt.
Just keep your eyes open
out there and listen to Eve.
- Better get going--that smoke
trail's starting to fade.
- Okay.
I'll go grab Lucas.
[suspenseful music]
[metallic click]
♪
- What?
- We're ready to go.
- Then what are we
standing here for?
[exotic bird calls]
- Smoke trail's gone.
- It's okay.
We just need to keep going
in that direction.
- Hey, Lucas.
I never got a chance
to say thanks
for getting my dad back
to the clearing.
He probably would be dead
if it weren't for you.
- Way I hear it, you saved him.
People said you did some
surgery to repair his back.
That's not bad.
- You know, I do what I can.
[both laugh]
Pick up the pace, Scott.
You're dragging ass.
- Fine back here, thanks.
- Look.
[tense music]
♪
- Where's the pilot?
[tiger growls]
[gunshots fire]
- Where's that coming from?
[leaves and branches crunch]
[dramatic musical swell]
♪
- Levi?
.
- Eve.
- Oh, my--
[soft dramatic music]
- Uncle Levi.
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
I can't believe
I'm saying this,
but I think I just shot
at a saber-tooth.
- Hold on, how do you guys
know each other?
- Levi flew in the Air Force
with my dad.
- So this is a rescue mission?
- I was sent here
to bring you all home.
Only now I'm not sure
if I can.
[tense music]
- Are they sending anyone else?
- No, just me.
That's why I gotta find my
plane, see if it can still fly.
- You think it's possible?
- I don't know.
One of the engines went out
right before
I went through the light,
but doesn't mean it won't work.
- And when you say light,
you mean that portal, right?
I just want to confirm
that with you,
because that still
blows my mind.
- People who sent me,
they can't explain it either.
- What about the rest
of the world?
Do they know what happened
to us?
- No.
They're keeping things quiet
until we can
get you guys back home.
- Classic government cover-up.
- Levi,
do you know if Izzy's okay?
- Yeah, yeah.
She's fine.
- [sighs]
- A--And what
about our families?
Do they just think we're dead?
- Look, I'm sorry.
I know you guys have
a lot of questions,
but right now,
we need to find my plane.
When I ejected, I was heading
towards an open field.
Problem is I haven't been able
to get a signal
on the homing beacon,
and then I got turned around
in the forest.
- That's all right.
We, uh--we saw it go down,
and we were heading
that direction anyway.
- If it's still in one piece,
I may be able to fix it,
fly us all home.
- Government officials
have yet to comment
on reports of an explosion
from inside the sinkhole
late last night.
The blast reverberated
through the La Brea area,
rattling a community
still reeling
from this week's
devastating events.
The cause of the explosion
remains unclear...
[rumbling, clattering]
- Dad!
- Iz!
Iz?
Okay, okay.
I got you, I got you.
[house rattles and creaks]
Hey.
It's over.
Okay?
- Are you guys okay?
- Yeah, we're good.
[phone buzzes, bleeps]
What is it?
- It's the earthquake alert.
It says the epicenter
is right near the sinkhole.
[suspenseful music]
- You don't think
that has something to do
with Uncle Levi's plane?
- I don't know.
I gotta go talk to Dr. Nathan,
find out what's going on.
♪
[high-pitched ringing]
- Levi.
- [breathes shakily]
[knocks]
Dr. Nathan?
[suspenseful music]
♪
[dramatic music]
- Gavin.
What are you doing here?
- I just need to talk
to Dr. Nathan.
- She's, uh, she's taking
the day for herself.
After what happened to Levi,
you can imagine there was a lot
of blame going around,
and she took the brunt of it.
- Markman, Levi is alive.
- You saw him?
- Somehow he survived.
He's down there with my family.
- Well, I'm, uh,
I'm glad to hear that.
But, uh, unfortunately,
that doesn't change anything.
- How can you say that?
[stammering]
He made it through.
All we have to do is figure out
what went wrong with his plane.
- Gavin, there's not gonna
be another rescue mission.
About an hour
after Levi's plane exploded,
our geologists noticed seismic
activity in the sinkhole.
Now, that's what caused
the earthquake you felt.
We can't risk sending
in another plane
and causing an even bigger one.
There's too many lives at risk.
- My wife
and son are down there.
- I'm sorry.
I mean, I really am.
Listen to me, Gavin,
there's nothing else
that we can do right now.
- I understand.
- Come on, I'll walk you out.
[uneasy music]
♪
[animals chattering]
- [breathes heavily]
- You good?
- Yeah.
- Oh, no,
you are definitely not okay.
What's going on?
- I, uh,
cut myself when I ejected.
But it's fine.
- Okay, you're losing blood.
- Damn.
- Just a scratch, bud.
- Josh, why don't you go to the
brook and get him some water?
- Hey.
Wait up.
I need to tell you something.
Remember when I told you
that the heroin I buried
probably belonged
to someone who died?
- Yeah.
- I was wrong.
It's Lucas's.
And he's got that gun.
- Jesus.
You said you buried it, right?
- Yeah.
- Just unbury it.
- I was stoned when I did it.
And it was dark.
I don't think
I remember where it is.
- You're serious?
What's wrong with you?
- A lot.
I'm sorry.
- Look, as long as we don't
say anything to him about it,
he'll never find out.
- Okay.
- All right?
We'll be fine.
- That should stop the bleeding
for now.
- Thanks, Riley.
- Yeah.
- Here you go.
- Thanks, bud.
- You okay?
- Yeah, I'm good.
[device beeps]
[suspenseful music]
It's picking up the plane.
- How far?
- Less than a mile from here.
♪
- All right.
See if it starts.
[engine grinding]
- How many times do I have
to tell you,
this is a waste of time.
- You got something better
to do?
- Sounds like you almost
got it started.
Working car could be useful.
I'd keep at it, Tony.
- Thanks, Sam.
- Anyone hungry?
- Nice work, guys.
- Well,
Eddie here gets the credit.
- Who knew those Boy Scout
skills would come in handy?
Ty, you said I catch them,
you clean them.
- Ugh.
- Take it from here.
- Yeah.
- You have no idea
how to clean them, do you?
- Not in the slightest.
- [chuckles]
[ominous music]
[leaves shuffle]
- Lilly.
Why aren't you reading?
- I am.
[people talking indistinctly]
- I see.
- I just like them.
They were nice to me.
- You don't know anything
about them.
- Maybe I can get to know them.
- Absolutely not.
- I don't see how it'd hurt
if I talk to them.
I promise I'll never
say anything about us.
- Lilly, you know the rules.
You're not allowed to talk
to anyone.
- Those were his rules.
And he's dead.
- Our father loved us,
And you will respect him.
And me.
Lilly.
Get back here!
- [sobs]
[ominous music]
♪
[leaves shuffling]
[intense music]
[cries out]
♪
[panting]
[screams]
.
- Lilly!
[suspenseful music]
Lilly!
Oh, my God!
[indistinct chatter]
♪
- Eddie!
- Jeez...
what happened to him?
- Veronica,
did you see anything?
- No, I--
I heard Lilly scream and when--
when I got here,
he was already like that.
- Lilly,
do you know what happened?
Lilly?
- She's in shock.
- You should take her back.
- Come on, Lilly.
- This is great.
As if things weren't
bad enough,
now we gotta worry about this.
- What could have
done this to him?
- What if this happens
to one of us?
How are we gonna
defend ourselves?
We're sitting ducks here, man.
- Hey, hey, just relax.
We're not gonna solve anything
by panicking.
- I agree, and we need to treat
this place like a crime scene,
see if there's any evidence
that can tell us
who or what did this.
- I'll take a look at the body,
try to determine
cause of death.
- What about the rest of us?
What are we gonna do?
- Go back to the clearing
and stick together.
Nobody goes anywhere alone
until we figure out
what's going on.
Go!
- Okay.
- [sighs]
[intense music]
[birds call, insects chirp]
- Plane's on the other side.
- Looks pretty deep.
- I can touch the bottom.
It's only a few feet.
We can walk it.
- Oh, good.
- Relax, man.
Little water never hurt anyone.
- Actually,
that's where you're wrong.
I kind of have a major fear
of water.
Even a bath can
be a traumatic experience.
- Why does that
not surprise me?
- I'm really not sure
I can do this, Riley.
- Do you want to get
to the plane or not?
- I got you, man.
I won't let you drown.
- That's why you have
a planet named after you.
[ominous music]
♪
- Dr. Nathan, it's Gavin again.
When you get this,
please call me back.
[mysterious music]
[footsteps approaching]
- Dad, what did Dr. Nathan say
about the earthquake?
- I didn't talk to her.
But Agent Markman told me it
was triggered by Levi's crash.
- So what does that mean?
- They're shutting down
the rescue mission.
- What?
No, they can't.
Mom and Josh are alive
down there.
- I know.
Levi is too.
- He survived?
- Yeah.
I saw him.
He's with Eve and Josh.
We're going to find another way
to save them, Iz.
Okay?
I think the answer
might be in this file.
So Dr. Nathan only mentioned
the Mojave sinkhole,
but this, it says fourth event,
which means
there are more out there.
- You think one of them
could lead to Mom and Josh?
- It's possible.
That's why I need to talk
to Dr. Nathan because
she could help us find one.
Problem is I can't
get ahold of her.
- Well, what about her?
Maybe she can help.
Says her name's
Rebecca Aldridge.
- Look her up, Iz.
I don't know anything about her
but she's clearly involved
in all this.
- Found her.
Says she owns a horse ranch
in San Luis Obispo.
- What would a rancher
have to do with all this?
- I don't know.
Let's go find out.
- Good idea.
[ominous music]
- You okay?
- Not at all.
- Give me your hand.
Come on,
I'm not gonna hurt you.
- Yeah, why would you?
- What the hell?
- What's wrong?
- Something just
touched my leg.
There's something in the water.
- Riley!
[eerie music]
♪
- I don't know
where she went.
- She's over there!
- [muffled screams]
[muffled gunshots]
- [gasping for air]
[all panting]
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- Go, go, go.
.
- Thanks for helping me
look around.
- I'm gonna guess you never saw
anything like this
back at home.
- That's the understatement
of the year.
- How long you been
in law enforcement?
- Feels like my whole life.
My dad was the sheriff
of my hometown.
I joined the force
20 years ago.
It's all I've ever known.
- I'm not finding anything.
- Yeah, me neither.
It's strange.
Whatever killed him
didn't leave a trace
of itself behind.
- Hey, guys!
- What do you got?
- Well, obviously, I couldn't
perform a full autopsy,
but I'm pretty certain
he was electrocuted.
- Electrocuted?
How is that possible?
We're in 10,000 BC.
- I don't know, but these
burn patterns can happen
when someone is struck
by lightning.
They're called
Lichtenberg figures.
- Considering there hasn't
been any lightning
since we got here,
something else caused this.
And there's only one person
who knows the answer to that.
- Lilly.
- Kids don't
make great witnesses
under normal circumstances.
Add in the fact
she doesn't talk--
Word is you're a psychiatrist.
- I am.
- Do you think you could
break through to her,
get her to open up?
- I can try.
- Good.
'Cause we need to find out
what she knows.
- That was so close back there.
For a second, I thought--
- Don't worry.
I'm good.
- How you doing?
- [sighs]
Oh, you know,
scarred for life,
but beyond that, fine.
- Uh, I'm fine too
if anyone was asking.
[dramatic music]
- There it is.
♪
- There's fire damage
to the right engine.
The left one looks okay.
- Oh, thank God.
- Dude, you crashed
in the middle of a field.
Even if you can fly, there's
no room for you to take off.
- It's designed
for vertical takeoff.
We don't need a runway.
Come on,
I'm gonna do a systems check,
see the extent of the damage.
[exciting music]
Okay.
[machinery beeping
and whirring]
Computer and electrical
systems are functioning.
It's a good sign.
Come on, come on.
Work.
[error message beeping]
Damn it.
- What's wrong?
- The right
engine compressor's dead.
- But you have a spare, right?
- It's not a tire.
Compressors
are sophisticated machines.
- When did you
become an expert?
- My dad's a pilot.
We used to work
on old planes together.
- Okay, can we fix it?
- Not without the parts I need.
- They won't be invented
for another 12,000 years.
- Couple hours in the car
and you've already
given up on conversation.
- It's a five-hour drive.
I'm pacing myself.
- Remember that road trip
we took to the Grand Canyon?
- Yeah.
- Your mom made us leave
in the middle of the night
so we could get there
before sunrise.
[laughs]
She packed a whole bunch
of food so we wouldn't
have to waste time stopping.
- Oh, right, the tuna.
- Tuna.
- Totally forgot.
- Why she thought that was
a good idea, I'll never know.
- By the time we got there,
we missed the sunrise.
Not a great first day.
- It was.
Because we were all together.
That was our last
family vacation.
[tender music]
♪
- Figured you guys
would be hungry.
I've got plenty of MREs.
- Thank God.
No more mushrooms.
- Let's bring these back
to the clearing.
There's gonna be a lot
of hungry people over there.
- Hold on, aren't you gonna
radio back home,
tell them to send more help?
- I tried the radio,
didn't work.
- Seriously?
- There was no guarantee
I'd be able to communicate
once I got down here.
- You knew that
and you still took the mission?
Why the hell would you do that?
- It's gonna be dark soon.
We should head back.
We can regroup and come up with
a new plan when we get there.
- I gotta grab one more thing.
[dramatic music]
♪
[device beeping]
This doesn't make sense.
- Hey, we gotta get going.
What's up?
- Plane's radar system,
it's picking up a signal.
- From where?
- About 5 miles south of here.
- What could be
sending a signal?
- Maybe someone's out there,
someone who could
help get us home.
- Okay, so we camp
here tonight, and then we--
we go first thing
in the morning.
.
[insects chirping]
[distant bellowing]
- Okay, I don't know
what's more frightening,
that wild animal
or the fact that your radar
is picking up something
out there.
- What are you saying, man?
You'd rather just go back
and not find out what it is?
- Oh, no,
I'm just making conversation.
The food tastes delicious,
Captain.
- I don't think anybody's
ever said that about MREs.
- Is your arm okay?
- It's better,
thanks to Riley.
- Yeah, I had some on-the-job
training the last few days.
I did an emergency
spinal procedure on my dad.
No big deal.
- How'd you pull that off?
- No!
You know what, you don't
have to talk about that.
Who cares, really?
- Uh, no, I--
I find it pretty impressive.
- Thanks, Eve.
Besides, I couldn't have
done it without you guys.
- We should talk
about something else.
- Why?
Scott deserves the credit.
I would have never thought
to use the heroin.
[tense music]
- Sorry, what'd you say?
- Yeah.
We used it as an anesthetic.
It was genius.
- People throw around that word
too loosely these days.
- Wait,
somebody has heroin down here?
That's a little concerning.
- Yeah,
Scott thought the same thing,
which is why he got rid of it,
so we're good.
- Well,
I'm just glad everyone's safe.
Would be terrible
if someone got hurt.
- Well, I'm gonna
go get some more food.
You're right, Scott,
this isn't so bad.
♪
[ominous music]
- We still don't know who
or what killed Eddie.
But right now,
we need to stick together.
Everyone sleeps by the fire.
There's safety in numbers.
- Unless someone here did it.
I mean, I know I didn't do it,
but who's to say
one of you didn't?
- You want to sleep
by yourself?
Have at it.
- We need
to stand watch tonight.
I'll take the first shift.
- What about the group that
went looking for the plane?
They could be in danger too.
- I know, but there's nothing
we can do right now.
Everyone get some sleep.
[people chatting indistinctly]
They'll be okay.
- This isn't the first
sleepless night
I'll have because of Lucas.
- Believe me, I get it.
- I wish it would get easier,
but it never does.
- Why don't you try
to get some sleep?
- Thanks.
- You two should
join the others.
It's safer.
- We're fine here.
I'll keep the doors locked.
- I'd like to speak with Lilly
in the morning,
find out what she saw.
I realize she doesn't speak,
but there are other ways
to communicate.
- I'm sorry, I don't want her
to have to relive that.
- I understand.
You want to protect her,
but I've worked with children
who have suffered trauma.
If it becomes too much,
I won't push.
- The answer's no.
- Veronica,
I can't take no for an answer.
The safety of everyone here
depends on finding out
what Lilly knows.
Get some sleep.
I'll see you in the morning.
Don't forget
to lock those doors.
[uneasy music]
♪
- Hey.
Is he still staring?
- Yep.
- He's gonna kill me, isn't he?
- I really couldn't say.
- They can tell you all they
want about going to 10,000 BC,
but once you're here,
it's a totally different story.
- Tell me about it.
- You know, I'm not sure
what I was more nervous about,
flying into a sinkhole
or seeing you.
- Is that why you never called?
- I wanted to reach out
to you, Eve,
but I didn't think
you wanted to hear from me.
- Of course I did.
We all did.
You were part of the family,
Levi, and you just left.
- I'm sorry.
After everything
that happened with Izzy,
I just--
I figured it'd be easier
if I wasn't around.
- It wasn't.
You know, a couple weeks ago,
I actually thought
about calling you?
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
- Why?
- 'Cause I missed you.
I left Gavin.
[tender music]
That's why the kids
and I were in LA.
After you left,
I really tried to make it work.
I just kept waiting for the day
that he would finally
be there for us again.
I guess I realized it was just
never gonna happen.
- Eve...
Gavin was a rock for Izzy.
And he's why
I'm here right now.
- What do you mean?
- His visions are real.
Everything that he's seen
these past few years
have been glimpses
of this world.
The only reason
there is a rescue mission
is because Gavin saw
that you were alive down here.
- That's impossible.
- I thought the same thing,
but it's true.
And he wanted me
to give you this.
♪
- I don't understand.
I lost this.
I lost this down here.
- I know.
Gavin saw it happen.
He dug it up.
I know it's hard to believe,
but it's all true.
- I need a minute.
- I understand.
Good night, Eve.
[emotional music]
♪
[horses snuffling,
birds chirping]
- [huffs]
- Gavin.
- How do you know my name?
- Because I told her about you.
- Dr. Nathan,
what the hell is going on?
.
- What are you doing here?
- I could ask you
the same thing.
- Levi's alive.
I found my file on your desk,
saw the picture of you two
in the Mojave.
I came here
looking for answers.
- About?
- The other sinkholes.
We know about them.
- If there's another way
to get to Eve and Josh,
you need to tell us.
- Sophia, we need his help.
- I told you, I didn't want
to involve him in this
if we didn't have to.
They've been through enough.
- We're out of options.
- Hey.
What is she talking about?
- The other sinkholes
are closed.
The only way to your family
is the one at La Brea.
- Well,
that's gonna be a problem,
'cause Markman's not
letting anyone else down there.
- Who says we need Markman?
- You have another way?
- Come with us.
- We keep heading south,
we should be there
in less than a quarter mile.
- You're kidding me.
Those were Lucas' drugs?
- Yeah.
So thanks for that.
- Dude, at some point,
you need to man up.
If he's messing with you, you
got to meet force with force.
- What part of "he has a gun"
don't you understand?
- Hey, Scott.
We need to have a chat, buddy.
- Hey, man, listen,
I'm really sorry
about what happened before,
just please don't kill me.
- Why would I kill you?
You're my new best friend.
- I am?
- Yeah.
You're the only person
who knows where my drugs are.
I got to make sure nothing
happens to you out here.
So you're not leaving my side.
But if you don't give 'em to me
when we get back,
I will kill you.
- Quid pro quo, makes sense.
- Listen,
I know last night was a lot,
if you want to talk about it.
- When he first
had his accident,
he kept trying to tell me
that this was all real,
and I just--
I didn't believe him.
We took him to so many doctors
and none of them could
find anything wrong with him.
- There's no way you could
have known it was true.
Even Gavin didn't.
- I know, I just want to get
home and tell him I'm sorry.
- Eve, there's one more thing.
Gavin knows about us.
[dramatic music]
- Whoa.
Guys, over here!
What is that?
[tense music]
♪
- Scott, any ideas?
- I'm gonna go with
some kind of fort.
I mean, there were indigenous
people during this time,
but I don't think
they made structures like that.
- Well, whatever it is, that's
where the signal's coming from.
- Well,
then that's where we're going.
- We're not here to take care
of these people.
If you even think
about talking,
you know what will happen.
I don't think
this is a good idea.
- Just give him a chance.
- Please, Veronica.
- I'll be right here.
If you upset her, this is over.
- What does she want
to show us, a horse?
[scanner beeps]
- After you.
[intense music]
♪
- This is the plane Levi flew.
- With some
slight modifications.
- Who are you?
- Someone who wants
the same thing you do,
to get to that place below.
- Well, looks like you went
to a lot of trouble
to make that happen.
- Rebecca and I were part
of a team
that investigated
the Mojave sinkhole.
An exploratory crew
was sent down there,
and she designed the plane
that took them.
They made it through the light,
but it closed
before they could come back.
- So why are you hiding
out here on a ranch?
- Well, when a mission
like that goes wrong,
someone has
to be the scapegoat.
That was me.
But I promised myself
that if there was ever a chance
to get back there,
I would be ready.
I know why Captain Delgado's
plane failed
and why it caused
those earthquakes.
I also know that mine won't
have the same issues.
- That's why I came here,
Gavin.
I knew she was working
on her own plane.
- But my pilot backed out
after Levi's plane crashed,
which makes you coming here
a touch of fate.
- You want me to fly?
- You came here looking
for a way to save your family.
This is it.
- Now I know
yesterday was scary.
But I promise you,
you're safe now.
I want to ask you a few
questions about what you saw.
But all you have to do
is shake your head yes or no.
Can you do that?
[tense music]
♪
Good.
Did you see what hurt Eddie?
Was it a person?
Okay.
Now I want you to think back
and see if you can remember
what they look like.
Can you do that for me?
- I'm stopping this--too much.
- No, you're not.
- No, no, no.
Veronica.
Veronica, hang on a minute.
- Veronica, please.
- What are you doing?
Let's go.
- It was an old man.
- You talk?
- I'll be damned.
- Lilly, stop.
- He was coming toward me,
but then he just left.
He had something on his back.
- What was it?
- A handprint.
- That's enough, we're leaving.
- No, we're not done here.
Ver--
[suspenseful music]
♪
- You ready?
- Yeah, let's go.
[tense music]
♪
- Uh, I'm not so sure
about this, guys.